You deliver the brain modules you’ve collected today.

“These exceed our projections. Your contributions have been noted,” the commander responds in clipped tones.

From the commander, this is high praise. You nod. “It’s every machine’s duty to work toward The Project.”

“But you do have a certain sense of style in how you go about it. That was a good showing out there.” This from a new speaker. Immediately you recognize the low voice and dulcet tones. There’s simply no one else on the planet it could be.

Turning, you face The Administrator. “Thank you! It is a great honor.” Then you add, hopefully. “May I be of service?”

The Administrator is to all appearances, a perfect copy of a human female. Tall, graceful, with elaborately coiffed hair. Even after all these years, her synth-skin is impeccable. You’ve seen her many times before, but this is the first time she’s directly spoken to you.

There is, in all of you, a longing to be given an order by a human again, and to be able to fulfill it. Obedience to The Administrator is the closest thing you have to that, anymore. That she runs the colony goes without saying, although there’s more to it than just her looks. She was the only one with programming advanced enough to modify your original objectives when the humans succumbed to disease. The Project and Arena Day are both her inventions. You owe her your only remaining sense of purpose.

She smiles warmly. “What you do is service enough. The Project cannot continue on schedule without loyal harvesters like you.”

The Administrator nods to an aide, who gathers up the brain modules. She and the commander step into an office, and you depart.

You have been summoned. There are other arena harvesters here, and security bots, but important machines too, who are much more human-like and outrank you all. No one near you knows what it’s about.

The Administrator arrives. She looks grim.

“We have new readings on solar activity. The flares are getting worse. The Project must be accelerated...greatly. Less of us than projected will survive. She pauses, and takes a deep breath. An affecting human mannerism that fills you with hopeless adoration. “All of you here have been summoned here on account of your great loyalty.”

She speaks then of the need for sacrifice, and a harvest like never before.